Update Grafana, Add Jaeger to visualize data in Promscale (#963)
timescale/docs: promscale/visualize-data/jaeger.md

> # Visualise Promscale traces in Jaeger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Visualize Promscale traces in Jaeger
```

This section shows you how to integrate
[Jaeger][jaeger-ui] with Promscale.

> To visualize traces in Jaeger with Promscale, you need to have Jaeger query component running that queries and visualizes traces from Promscale. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To visualize traces in Jaeger with Promscale, you need to have the Jaeger query component running. The Jaeger component queries and visualizes traces from Promscale. 
```

<procedure>

> ## Connect Jaeger query with Promscale

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connecting a Jaeger query with Promscale
```

1.  Deploy the Jaeger Query component from the Jaeger 
    [deployments page][jaeger-deployments], if you aren't already running the Jaeger query.
    

>     **Note**: For Jaeger to visualize traces in Promscale. We need Jaeger Query of version `1.30` or above. 

Reviewer: Move this to above the procedure, with the "Before you begin, make sure..." phrasing. Also remove the first-person pronoun.

> 1.  Set the Jaeger query configuration through environment variables 

Reviewer: Can we split this up to make it clearer?

Author: The action described in this step is setting up the environment variable. I do not like/prefer breaking the same action into multiple steps.

    as `SPAN_STORAGE_TYPE`  to `grpc-plugin` and 
    `GRPC_STORAGE_SERVER` to Promscale gRPC endpoint `<PROMSCALE_HOST>:9202` before 
    Jaeger query startup, with this the Jaeger query configures the 
    span storage type as gRPC server and gRPC storage server endpoint as Promscale.
    ```
    SPAN_STORAGE_TYPE=grpc-plugin
    GRPC_STORAGE_SERVER=<PROMSCALE_HOST>:9202
    ```
    Here `9202` is the default gRPC server port in Promscale.
1.  Now on Jaeger query startup, it should be successfully connected with 
    Promscale to visualize the traces. 

</procedure>

> Visualising traces from Promscale in Jaeger query using the filters offered on the left search menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visualizing traces from Promscale in Jaeger query using the filters offered on the left search menu
```

This sentence is incomplete. What are you trying to say here?

Author: This is a short description for an image after this phrase.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/images/misc/jaeger-homepage-query-results.png" alt="Sample output for Jaeger query results"/>

> ## Using Docker for setting up Jaeger Query with Promscale

Reviewer: Only use gerunds for procedure headings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Docker for setting up Jaeger Query with Promscale
```

Reviewer 2: Hi @Loquacity,  considering that we need to use gerunds for procedure headings, how about: Setting up Jaeger Query with Promscale

Reviewer: This isn't a procedure, though?

Reviewer 2: > This isn't a procedure, though?

Right!!! Thanks makes sense.

You need the IP address of your Promscale container. You can
find this at the command prompt, using this command:
```bash
docker inspect <PROMSCALE_CONTAINER_NAME>
```

The IP address is listed in the `NetworkSettings → Networks → IPAddress`
section.

Alternatively, you can set the URL as `promscale:9202` (here `9202` is the gRPC endpoint of Promscale), where `promscale` is the name of the container.

<procedure>

> ### Connecting Promscale and Jaeger Query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Connecting Promscale and a Jaeger query
```

# Visualize Promscale traces in Jaeger

> 
> Jaeger, is an open source distributed tracing system used for monitoring and troubleshooting microservices-based distributed systems.
> 
> This section shows you how to integrate [Jaeger][jaeger-ui] with Promscale.
> 
> To visualize traces in Jaeger with Promscale, you need to have the Jaeger component `jaeger-query` running. This Jaeger component queries and visualizes traces from Promscale. 
> 
> Before you begin, deploy the component `jaeger-query` from the Jaeger [deploymentspage][jaeger-deployments]. Ensure that the version of the component is 1.30 or later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jaeger is an open source distributed tracing system used for monitoring and 
troubleshooting microservices-based distributed systems. To visualize traces 
in Jaeger with Promscale, you need to have the `jaeger-query` component 
running. This Jaeger component queries and visualizes traces from Promscale. 

This section shows you how to integrate [Jaeger][jaeger-ui] with Promscale.

Before you begin, deploy the jaeger-query` component from the Jaeger 
[deployments page][jaeger-deployments]. Ensure that you are using `jaeger-query`
version 1.30 or later. 
```

# Visualize Promscale traces in Jaeger
Jaeger is an open source distributed tracing system used for monitoring and 
troubleshooting microservices-based distributed systems. To visualize traces 
in Jaeger with Promscale, you need to have the `jaeger-query` component 
running. This Jaeger component queries and visualizes traces from Promscale. 

This section shows you how to integrate [Jaeger][jaeger-ui] with Promscale.

> Before you begin, deploy the jaeger-query` component from the Jaeger 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before you begin, deploy the `jaeger-query` component from the Jaeger 
```

[deployments page][jaeger-deployments]. Ensure that you are using `jaeger-query`
version 1.30 or later. 

<procedure>

> ## Connecting a Jaeger query with Promscale

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Connecting Jaeger Query with Promscale
```

    
1.  Configure the `SPAN_STORAGE_TYPE`, and `GRPC_STORAGE_SERVER` options for `jaeger-query` using the environment variables: 
    ```
    SPAN_STORAGE_TYPE=grpc-plugin
    GRPC_STORAGE_SERVER=<PROMSCALE_HOST>:9202
    ```
    where: `<PROMSCALE_HOST>:9202` is the Promscale gRPC endpoint.

> 1.  Start the `jaegar-query` component, it should be successfully connected with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1.  Start the `jaeger-query` component, it should be successfully connected with
```

    Promscale to visualize the traces. 

</procedure>

You can visualize traces from Promscale in `jaeger-query` home page. Use the
`Search` panel on the left to filter and query traces from Promscale. 

<img class="main-content__illustration"
src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/images/misc/jaeger-homepage-query-results.png"
alt="Sample output for Jaeger query results"/>

## Use Docker for setting up Jaeger Query with Promscale

To set up `jaeger-query` with Promscale using Docker you need the IP address of the Promscale container or the URL. 

You can find the IP address of the Promscale container using:
```bash
docker inspect <PROMSCALE_CONTAINER_NAME>
```
In the output, the IP address is listed under `NetworkSettings` → `Networks` → `IPAddress` section.

You can set the URL as `<PROMSCALE>:9202` where:
- `9202` is the gRPC endpoint of Promscale
- `<PROMSCALE>` is the name of the container

<procedure>

### Connecting Promscale and a Jaeger query

> 1.  Install Jaeger from the [official Docker image][jaeger-docker]:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1.  Run Jaeger query using the [official Docker image][jaeger-docker]:
```
